HEY.
SO HOW WAS JOAN?
BROKE UP WITH HER.
OH...
WHY?
DON'T TELL ME.
BECAUSE OF THE
BIG-NOSTRIL THING?
THEY WERE HUGE.
WHEN SHE SNEEZED,
BATS FLEW OUT OF THEM.
OH, COME ON.
THEY WERE NOT THAT HUGE.
I'M TELLING YOU.
SHE LEANED BACK.
I COULD SEE HER BRAIN.
HOW MANY
PERFECTLY FINE WOMEN
ARE YOU GOING TO REJECT
OVER THE MOST SUPERFICIAL,
INSIGNIFICANT THINGS?
HOLD IT, HOLD IT.
I GOT TO SIDE
WITH CHANDLER ON THIS ONE.
WHEN I FIRST MOVED
TO THE CITY
I WENT OUT A COUPLE TIMES
WITH THIS GIRL--
REALLY HOT,
GREAT KISSER
BUT SHE HAD
THE BIGGEST ADAM'S APPLE.
EWW!
DROVE ME NUTS.
YOU OR ME.
I GOT IT.
UH, JOEY, WOMEN
DON'T HAVE ADAM'S APPLES.
( laughing )
YOU GUYS ARE MESSING
WITH ME, RIGHT?
YEAH.
WE ARE.
THAT WAS A GOOD ONE.
FOR A SECOND THERE,
I WAS LIKE, WHOA.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE ♪
♪ YOU'RE BROKE,
YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN
YOUR DAY, YOUR WEEK ♪
♪ YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
SO, YOU NAME ONE WOMAN
THAT YOU BROKE UP WITH
FOR AN ACTUAL REAL REASON.
MAUREEN ROSILLO.
'CAUSE SHE DOESN'T HATE YANNI
IS NOT A REAL REASON.
( knocking )
OH...
HELLO, MR. HECKLES.
YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN.
WE'RE NOT DOING ANYTHING.
YOU'RE STOMPING.
IT'S DISTURBING MY BIRDS.
YOU DON'T HAVE BIRDS.
I COULD HAVE BIRDS.
OKAY, MR. HECKLES,
WE'LL TRY TO KEEP IT DOWN.
THANK YOU.
I'M GOING TO REJOIN
MY DINNER PARTY.
ALL RIGHT. BYE-BYE.
Chandler:
OKAY, JANICE.
JANICE. YOU GOT
TO GIVE ME JANICE.
THAT WASN'T
ABOUT BEING PICKY.
WE'LL GIVE YOU JANICE.
I MISS JANICE, THOUGH.
( nasal voice ):
HELLO, CHANDLER BING.
OH... MY... GOD.
( nasal voice ):
OH, CHANDLER...
NOW... NOW...
THAT'S IT.
THERE. FASTER.
( laughing )
( knocking )
STOP WITH THE BROOM!
WE'RE NOT MAKING NOISE!
( knocking )
WE WON.
WE DID?
( cheering )
( all groaning )
MR. HECKLES...
HOW DID
THIS HAPPEN?
HE MUST HAVE
BEEN SWEEPING.
THEY FOUND A BROOM
IN HIS HAND.
THAT'S TERRIBLE.
I KNOW.
I WAS SWEEPING YESTERDAY.
IT COULD HAVE BEEN ME.
Ross:
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
Joey:
SURE, SURE.
SWEEPING--
YOU NEVER KNOW.
NEVER KNOW.
IT'S VERY FAINT
BUT I CAN STILL SENSE HIM
IN THE BUILDING.
GO INTO THE LIGHT,
MR. HECKLES!
OKAY, PHOEBE.
I'M SORRY, BUT SOMETIMES
THEY NEED HELP.
HERE WE GO.
THAT'S FINE.
GO AHEAD AND SCOFF.
YOU KNOW, THERE ARE
A LOT OF THINGS OUT THERE
THAT I DON'T BELIEVE IN
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THEY'RE NOT TRUE.
SUCH AS?
LIKE CROP CIRCLES
OR THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE
OR EVOLUTION.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT, YOU DON'T, UH...
YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN EVOLUTION?
NO. NOT REALLY.
YOU DON'T BELIEVE
IN EVOLUTION?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW--
MONKEYS, DARWIN--
YOU KNOW, IT'S A NICE STORY.
I JUST THINK
IT'S A LITTLE TOO EASY.
TOO EASY? TOO..?
THE PROCESS OF EVERY
LIVING THING ON THIS PLANET
EVOLVING OVER MILLIONS OF YEARS
FROM SINGLE-CELLED ORGANISMS
IS, IS TOO EASY?
YEAH. I JUST DON'T BUY IT.
UH, EXCUSE ME.
EVOLUTION IS NOT
FOR YOU TO BUY, PHOEBE.
EVOLUTION IS SCIENTIFIC FACT
LIKE, LIKE, LIKE THE AIR
WE BREATHE, LIKE GRAVITY.
OH. OKAY, DON'T GET ME
STARTED ON GRAVITY.
YOU, UH..?
YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN GRAVITY?
WELL, IT'S NOT SO MUCH
THAT, YOU KNOW, LIKE
I DON'T BELIEVE IN IT.
YOU KNOW, IT'S JUST...
I DON'T KNOW, LATELY
I GET THE FEELING
THAT I'M NOT SO MUCH
BEING PULLED DOWN
AS I AM BEING PUSHED.
( knocking )
UH-OH. IT'S ISAAC NEWTON
AND HE'S PISSED.
OH, THERE SHE IS,
RIGHT OVER THERE.
THAT'S THE OTHER ONE.
THIS IS MR. BUDDY BOYLE--
HECKLES' ATTORNEY.
HE'D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU.
WHAT CAN WE DO FOR YOU?
ALL RIGHT, KIDS.
HERE'S THE DEAL--
ACCORDING TO MY CLIENT'S WILL
HE WANTS TO LEAVE
ALL HIS EARTHLY POSSESSIONS
TO THE, UH, "NOISY GIRLS
IN THE APARTMENT ABOVE MINE."
WHAT?
WELL, WHAT ABOUT
HIS FAMILY?
HE DIDN'T HAVE ANY.
Joey:
WHOA.
OH... OKAY, SO
LET'S TALK MONEY.
ALL RIGHT.
THERE WAS NONE.
NOW, LET'S TALK SIGNING.
YOU BE NOISY GIRL NUMBER ONE.
YOU BE NOISY GIRL NUMBER TWO.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT THIS WHOLE
TIME WE THOUGHT HE HATED US.
I MEAN, ISN'T IT AMAZING
HOW MUCH YOU
CAN TOUCH SOMEONE'S LIFE
WITHOUT EVEN KNOWING IT?
WOULD YOU LOOK AT THIS DUMP?
HE HATED US.
THIS WAS HIS FINAL REVENGE.
GOD, HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN SO MUCH CRAP?
ACTUALLY, I THINK THIS APARTMENT
SULLIES THE GOOD NAME OF CRAP.
CHECK THIS OUT.
CAN I HAVE THIS?
HOW CAN YOU NOT BELIEVE
IN EVOLUTION?
I DON'T KNOW.
JUST DON'T.
LOOK AT THIS FUNKY SHIRT.
LOOK, PHEEBS,
I'VE STUDIED EVOLUTION
MY ENTIRE ADULT LIFE,
OKAY, AND I CAN TELL YOU
WE HAVE COLLECTED FOSSILS
FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD
THAT ACTUALLY SHOW
THE EVOLUTION
OF DIFFERENT SPECIES, OKAY?
I MEAN, YOU CAN LITERALLY
SEE THEM EVOLVING THROUGH TIME.
REALLY?
YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE IT?
YOU BET.
IN... UH, IN THE U.S.,
CHINA, AFRICA, ALL OVER.
SEE, I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
HUH.
SO NOW, THE REAL QUESTION IS
WHO PUT THOSE FOSSILS THERE,
AND WHY?
HEY, LOOK AT THIS.
"MY BIG BOOK OF GRIEVANCES."
HEY, THERE'S ME.
"APRIL 17--
EXCESSIVE NOISE.
ITALIAN GUY
COMES HOME WITH A DATE."
YEAH. HEY, CHANDLER,
LOOK, YOU'RE IN HERE TOO.
"APRIL 18-- EXCESSIVE NOISE.
ITALIAN GUY'S GAY ROOMMATE
BRINGS HOME DRY CLEANING."
WELL, THAT'S EXCELLENT.
MONICA... MONICA,
LOOK AT THIS LAMP.
IS THIS TACKY OR WHAT?
WE HAVE TO HAVE THIS.
UH, RACH, I THINK WE
HAVE ENOUGH REGULAR LAMPS.
WHAT? OH, COME ON.
IT'S NOT LIKE I'M ASKING
FOR THIS GIRLIE CLOCK OR
ANYTHING, WHICH, BY THE WAY
I ALSO THINK IS REALLY COOL.
LOOK, IT DOESN'T GO
WITH ANY OF MY STUFF.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT MY STUFF?
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY STUFF.
YOU STILL THINK OF IT
AS YOUR APARTMENT, DON'T YOU?
MM... NO.
YES, YOU DO.
YOU THINK OF IT
AS YOUR APARTMENT
AND I'M JUST SOMEONE
WHO RENTS A ROOM.
MM...
OKAY, WHILE YOU
"MM..." ON THAT
FOR A WHILE
I'M GOING TO GO
FIND A PLACE
FOR MY NEW LAMP.
MM... MM, MM, MM!
OKAY, PHEEBS
SEE HOW I'M MAKING
THESE LITTLE TOYS MOVE?
OPPOSABLE THUMBS.
WITHOUT EVOLUTION,
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN
OPPOSABLE THUMBS?
MAYBE THE OVERLORDS
NEEDED THEM
TO STEER THEIR SPACECRAFTS.
PLEASE TELL ME
YOU'RE JOKING.
LOOK, CAN'T WE JUST SAY
THAT YOU BELIEVE
IN SOMETHING AND I DON'T?
NO, NO.
NO, PHEEBS, WE CAN'T.
WHY NOT?
WHAT IS THIS OBSESSIVE
NEED YOU HAVE
TO MAKE EVERYBODY
AGREE WITH YOU?
NO, WHAT'S
THAT ALL ABOUT?
YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK?
I THINK MAYBE IT'S TIME
YOU PUT ROSS UNDER
THE MICROSCOPE.
IS THERE BLOOD COMING
OUT OF MY EARS?
CHECK IT OUT.
HECKLES' HIGH SCHOOL YEARBOOK.
LOOK.
WOW, HE LOOKS SO NORMAL.
HE'S EVEN KIND OF CUTE.
"HECKLES, YOU CRACK ME UP
IN SCIENCE CLASS.
YOU'RE THE FUNNIEST KID
IN SCHOOL."
FUNNIEST?
HECKLES?
THAT'S WHAT IT SAYS.
WOW, HECKLES WAS VOTED
CLASS CLOWN, AND SO WAS I.
( thumping )
HE WAS RIGHT.
WOULD YOU LISTEN TO THAT?
I'D CALL THAT
EXCESSIVE.
WHOA.
WHAT?
HECKLES PLAYED CLARINET IN BAND,
AND I PLAYED CLARINET.
AND HE WAS IN
THE SCALE MODELERS CLUB
AND I WAS...
WELL, THERE WAS NO CLUB
BUT I SURE THOUGHT
THEY WERE COOL.
SO, YOU WERE BOTH DORKS.
BIG DEAL.
I JUST THINK IT'S WEIRD--
HECKLES AND ME...
( thumping )
HECKLES AND ME, ME...
ME AND HECKLES...
HEY, WOULD YOU KNOCK IT OFF!
( yells )
HAVE YOU BEEN HERE ALL NIGHT?
LOOK AT THIS.
PICTURES OF
ALL THE WOMEN
THAT HECKLES
WENT OUT WITH.
LOOK WHAT HE
WROTE ON THEM.
"VIVIAN, TOO TALL."
"MADGE, BIG GUMS."
"TOO LOUD."
"TOO SMART."
"MAKES NOISE
WHEN SHE EATS."
THIS IS... THIS IS ME.
THIS IS WHAT I DO.
I'M GOING TO END UP
ALONE JUST LIKE HE DID.
CHANDLER,
HECKLES WAS A NUT CASE.
OUR TRAINS
ARE ON THE SAME TRACK, OKAY?
YEAH, SURE, I'M COMING UP
30 YEARS BEHIND HIM
BUT THE STOPS ARE ALL THE SAME:
BITTERTOWN, ALONEVILLE,
HERMIT JUNCTION.
YOU KNOW WHAT WE GOT TO DO?
WE GOT TO GET YOU OUT OF HERE.
I'LL BUY YOU BREAKFAST.
LET'S GO.
WHAT IF I NEVER FIND SOMEBODY?
OR WORSE, I ALREADY FOUND HER
BUT I DUMPED HER BECAUSE
SHE PRONOUNCES IT "SUPPOSEBLY"?
CHANDLER, COME ON.
YOU'RE GOING TO FIND SOMEBODY.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M JUST TRYING
TO HELP YOU OUT.
YOU GUYS ARE ALL GOING TO GO OFF
AND GET MARRIED
AND I'M GOING TO END UP ALONE.
WILL YOU PROMISE
ME SOMETHING?
WHEN YOU'RE MARRIED,
INVITE ME OVER FOR HOLIDAYS.
WELL, I MEAN, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT WE'RE GOING TO BE DOING.
I MEAN, WHAT IF WE'RE OVER
AT HER FOLKS' PLACE?
YEAH, I UNDERSTAND.
YOU CAN COME OVER
AND WATCH THE SUPER BOWL.
EVERY YEAR. ALL RIGHT?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M NOT GOING TO
END UP LIKE THIS.
I'LL SEE YOU, MAN.
GEEZ.
SUPPOSEBLY...
SUPPOSEBLY.
"DID THEY GO TO THE ZOO?"
"SUPPOSEBLY."
HI. IT'S ME.
OH... MY... GOD.
JANICE? YOU
CALLED JANICE?
YES, JANICE. WHY IS THAT
SO DIFFICULT FOR YOU
TO COMPREHEND?
YOU REMEMBER JANICE, RIGHT?
YES.
SHE WAS SMART, SHE WAS PRETTY
AND SHE HONESTLY CARED ABOUT ME.
JANICE IS MY LAST CHANCE
TO HAVE SOMEBODY.
HELLO!
OH... MY... GOD.
GEEZ, LOOK HOW FAT SHE GOT.
HEY, IT'S EVERYBODY.
All:
HI, JANICE.
JANICE, YOU'RE...
YES, I AM.
IS IT..?
IS IT YOURS?
HAH! YOU WISH,
CHANDLER BING.
YOU ARE LOOKING AT
A MARRIED LADY NOW.
( with polite indifference ):
OH. YEAH.
CONGRATULATIONS.
OH, SWEETIE. I'M SORRY.
YOU COULDN'T HAVE TOLD ME
OVER THE PHONE?
AND WHAT?
MISS THE EXPRESSION
ON YOUR FACE? OH, NO.
JANICE LIKES
TO HAVE HER FUN.
( braying laugh )
HEY, RACH, YOU KNOW WHAT WE
HAVEN'T PLAYED IN A WHILE?
WHAT?
HIDE THE LAMP.
OKAY. MONICA, LET IT GO.
DID YOU KNOW
I WAS ALLERGIC TO SHELLFISH?
WELL, THEN,
YOU'LL JUST HAVE TO EAT
THE OTHER LAMPS.
UH-OH. IT'S SCARY SCIENTIST MAN.
OKAY, PHOEBE, THIS IS IT.
IN THIS BRIEFCASE
I CARRY ACTUAL
SCIENTIFIC FACTS...
A BRIEFCASE OF FACTS,
IF YOU WILL.
SOME OF THESE FOSSILS
ARE OVER 200 MILLION YEARS OLD.
LOOK, BEFORE YOU EVEN START,
I'M NOT DENYING EVOLUTION.
I'M JUST SAYING THAT IT'S
ONE OF THE POSSIBILITIES.
IT'S THE ONLY
POSSIBILITY, PHOEBE.
ROSS, COULD YOU JUST OPEN
YOUR MIND LIKE, THIS MUCH?
NOW, WASN'T THERE A TIME
WHEN THE BRIGHTEST
MINDS IN THE WORLD
BELIEVED THAT
THE EARTH WAS FLAT?
AND UP UNTIL,
LIKE 50 YEARS AGO
YOU ALL THOUGHT THE ATOM
WAS THE SMALLEST THING
UNTIL YOU SPLIT IT OPEN
AND THIS LIKE, WHOLE
MESS OF CRAP CAME OUT.
NOW, ARE YOU TELLING ME
THAT YOU ARE SO
UNBELIEVABLY ARROGANT
THAT YOU CAN'T ADMIT
THAT THERE'S A TEENY,
TINY POSSIBILITY
THAT YOU COULD BE
WRONG ABOUT THIS?
THERE MIGHT BE...
A TEENY...
TINY...
POSSIBILITY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU CAVED.
WHAT?
YOU JUST ABANDONED
YOUR WHOLE BELIEF SYSTEM.
BEFORE I DIDN'T AGREE WITH YOU,
BUT AT LEAST I RESPECTED YOU.
BUT...
HOW WILL YOU GO
INTO WORK TOMORROW?
HOW..?
HOW WILL YOU FACE
THE OTHER SCIENCE GUYS?
HOW WILL YOU FACE YOURSELF?
OH!
THAT WAS FUN.
SO WHO'S HUNGRY?
I AM.
ME TOO. LET ME
JUST GET MY COAT.
OH!
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
I SWEAR. ALL RIGHT?
I WAS PUTTING ON MY JACKET
AND THE THING...
AND THE LAMP AND IT BROKE.
OH, PLEASE, MONICA.
YOU'VE ALWAYS HATED MY LAMP.
AND NOW, ALL OF A SUDDEN
IT'S JUST, MAGICALLY,
IT'S JUST BROKEN?
PHOEBE, TELL HER.
I DIDN'T SEE IT 'CAUSE
I WAS PUTTING ON MY JACKET
BUT, UM,
I WANT TO BELIEVE YOU.
HEY, CHANDLER.
MONICA JUST BROKE
MY SEASHELL LAMP.
NEAT. I'M GOING TO DIE ALONE.
OKAY, YOU WIN.
CHANDLER, YOU ARE NOT
GOING TO DIE ALONE.
JANICE WAS MY SAFETY NET, OKAY?
AND NOW I HAVE TO GET A SNAKE.
UH-HUH. WHY IS THAT?
IF I'M GOING TO BE
AN OLD, LONELY MAN,
I'M GOING TO NEED
A THING, YOU KNOW? A HOOK.
LIKE THAT GUY IN THE SUBWAY
WHO EATS HIS OWN FACE.
SO I FIGURE
I'LL BE CRAZY MAN
WITH A SNAKE, YOU KNOW?
CRAZY SNAKE MAN.
THEN I'LL GET MORE SNAKES,
CALL THEM MY BABIES.
KIDS WON'T WALK PAST MY PLACE,
THEY WILL RUN.
"RUN AWAY FROM CRAZY SNAKE MAN!"
THEY'LL SHOUT.
YOU'VE GOT TO GET
OVER THIS, OKAY?
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO END UP ALONE.
OF COURSE I AM.
I REJECT ANYONE
WHO'S CRAZY ENOUGH
TO ACTUALLY
GO OUT WITH ME
AND THEN I BITCH ABOUT THE FACT
THAT THERE AREN'T
ANY GREAT WOMEN OUT THERE.
CHANDLER, YOU HAVE
JUST DESCRIBED
VIRTUALLY EVERY MAN
THAT WE HAVE EVER GONE OUT WITH.
YEAH.
YOU ARE NOT A FREAK.
YOU'RE A GUY.
Rachel:
SHE'S RIGHT,
SHE'S RIGHT.
YOU ARE NO DIFFERENT
THAN THE REST OF THEM.
WAIT A MINUTE. YES, HE IS.
YEAH. YOU ARE
TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
IN A BAD WAY?
NO, HONEY,
IN A WONDERFUL WAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU WANT NOW.
MOST GUYS DON'T HAVE A CLUE.
YOU ARE READY TO TAKE RISKS,
TO BE VULNERABLE
AND INTIMATE WITH SOMEONE.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO END UP ALONE.
CHANDLER, YOU
CALLED JANICE.
THAT'S HOW MUCH
YOU WANTED TO BE
WITH SOMEONE.
YOU'VE MADE IT.
YOU'RE THERE.
YOU ARE READY
TO MAKE A COMMITMENT.
WHOA! DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
OH, WHAT YOU GOT THERE?
SOMETHING ELSE THAT'S NOT YOURS
THAT YOU CAN BREAK?
NO. UM...
I KNOW YOU LIKE THIS,
AND I WANT YOU TO HAVE IT.
I THINK IT WOULD LOOK
GOOD IN OUR APARTMENT.
THANK YOU.
( whistled catcalls )
THAT'S FINE.
HEY! WELL, YOU WILL ALL
BE PLEASED TO KNOW
THAT I HAVE A DATE
TOMORROW NIGHT.
THIS WOMAN ALISON FROM WORK--
SHE IS GREAT.
SHE'S PRETTY,
SHE'S SMART, AND UH...
I'VE BEEN HOLDING OFF
ASKING HER OUT IN THE PAST
BECAUSE SHE HAS A, UH...
UNUSUALLY LARGE HEAD
BUT I'M NOT GOING
TO LET THAT STUFF
HANG ME UP ANYMORE.
LOOK AT ME. I'M GROWING.
HEY, YOU CAN'T RECYCLE
YEARBOOKS, CAN YOU?
I'LL TAKE THAT.
YOU WANT HIS YEARBOOK?
YEAH, YEAH.
SOME PEOPLE SAID
SOME NICE THINGS ABOUT HIM.
SOMEBODY SHOULD HAVE IT.
GOSH, THIS IS SO WEIRD.
I MEAN, HIS WHOLE LIFE
WAS IN THIS APARTMENT
AND NOW IT'S GONE.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
IT WOULD BE NICE
IF WE JUST TOOK A FEW MOMENTS
FOR MR. HECKLES.
I MEAN, HE WAS
KIND OF A PAIN, HE WAS
BUT HE WAS A PERSON.
Monica:
WHAT?
YOU'RE ALL GOING TO HELL.
OH, IT'S REALLY
NOT THAT BIG.
TAKING THAT WITH YOU, HUH?
OH, YEAH.
HEY, YOU COMING?
YEAH. IN A SECOND.
GOOD-BYE, MR. HECKLES.
WE'LL TRY TO KEEP IT DOWN.
MY MAJOR WAS USELESS.
HOW OFTEN DO THE CLASSIFIEDS
LIST "PHILOSOPHER WANTED"?
MY GOD, THAT'S A BIG HEAD.
IT DIDN'T LOOK THIS BIG
IN THE OFFICE.
MAYBE IT'S THE LIGHTING.
MY HEAD MUST LOOK LIKE
A GOLF BALL AT WORK.
ALL RIGHT.
DON'T GET HUNG UP ON IT.
QUICK, QUICK.
LIST FIVE THINGS
YOU LIKE ABOUT HER.
NICE SMILE, GOOD DRESSER
BIG HEAD, BIG HEAD, BIG HEAD.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]